Abu AUM he's joining us live from B
albala in central Gaza and more
hospitals on the verge of seizing
operations TK but are healthcare workers
telling
you well in fact Elizabeth the medical
situation in the entire strip and in
gaza's barely functional hospitals is
incredibly and is an unimaginable state
of a crisis we are we can see how
Medical Teams and the administrations of
these hospitals are scrambling in order
to continue providing life-saving heal
care uh for the Palestinian wed patients
and even for those who have been uh
seriously wondered from the ongoing
escalation of the Israeli Earth strikes
especially in light of the severe
shortage of Essential Medical
necessities and basic logistical
supplies we also been hearing from them
that they are struggling as well to
afford the humanitarian staff in order
to continue providing this essential
Healthcare light of the unprecedented
scale and death to alongside with the
injuries among displaced families here
who have been wed due to the Israeli
ongoing land and aerial bombardment and
in order to get more better
understanding about this we are joined
right now by Dr KH he is the
spokesperson of ala
Hospital Dr thank you for taking the
time to talk to us we know that the
number of uh casualties is
Rising how do you cope in amid shortage
of fuel and medical
supplies the Israeli genocide war on the
gazam population continues for more than
39 days successively on daily basis the
Israeli occupation forces have been
perpetrating pgms more than
40,000 have been killed and more than
50,000 injured most most of them were
women and children and as we speak the
Israeli occupation forces continues to
Target and pound unsuspecting residents
in civilian populations yesterday the
Israeli occupation forces targeted and
pounded a residential building in this
building
seven uh members of the same family were
killed six children together with their
mother were killed intentionally and
purposefully by the Israeli occupation
forces they have a clear intent to
genocide ethnic cleansing the gazan and
Palestinian
population uh the also 25 hospitals are
now out of operation only very few
number of hospitals are barely
functioning and as we
speak following as the Rafa Crossing
have been closed for more than 200 days
we are in a sharp we are faced with
sharp shortage of medical supplies let
alone we are also short in the medical
staff we cannot even attend to the
simple wounds of the injured persons we
ran out of dressings and even the most
basic necess medical Necessities this is
a clear signal that the entire health
sector has collapsed in Gaza especially
that the Israeli occupation forces
purposefully
targeted hospitals pounded them more
than
185 Medical Teams and doctors have been
killed this is a very tragic
catastrophic situation with the outbreak
of diseases and pandemic including the
polio among the children as announced by
the health Ministry unit
World health health
organizations Gaza is declared
an epidemic strien with a
polio six samples have been found
positive uh wounds are left untreated as
Palestinian patients and wounded people
are struggling in order to find some
sort of treatment there is an ongoing
shortage of fuel that impact Ed
negatively on the ability of those
healthcare workers to continue providing
treatment for patients in the Intensive
Care units and even in the uh in the
emergency departments they are not able
to continue providing them with the
sufficient amount of essential treatment
in light of the deep shortage of
Essential Medical Necessities due to the
ongoing closure of essential borders
that continue to be a Lifeline for the
entire strip Elizabeth th thank you very
much for that th Abu join as live from
there Al Bala in central Gaza